Welcome back.
How was this exercise?
Hopefully it wasn't too difficult.
If you're able to answer these questions, you're most likely going to be okay in an interview if you
ever get asked about death for search or breath for a search.
So let's go over the answers.
If you know a solution is not far from the root of the tree.
Well, we talked about this.
We want to use breath for search because it starts it starts searching the closest nodes to the parent
first.
If the tree is very deep and solutions are rare.
Well, this is a bit of a tougher question, but we would use breath for search.
And the reason we would do that over something like death research is that depth for search will take
a really long time with this type of a tree because the tree is really deep.
It's going to go one by one going really, really down below.
And because solutions are rare, it's most likely going to just repeat that step over and over and over.
And as you'll see with death, first search.
We use recursive functions and with def for search that can take a really, really long time.
Although with this one we also have some memory concerns with breath for search.
So your answers may vary, but this is what I would use.
As long as you can explain that to the interviewer, you're fine, though.
What if the tree is very wide?
That is there's a lot of notes.
It's not a binary tree.
It just has a ton of notes underneath each parent.
Again, this is a bit of a tougher one, but we want to use depth for a search because a Beth first
search and I'm going to say BFS from now is.
Well it's going to need.
Too much.
Too much memory.
The way breath first search works is that it has to keep track of the nodes in the current level in
something called a queue that we will see.
So because of that, it might take up too much memory.
What about the next one?
If the solutions are frequent by located deep in the tree?
Well, in that case, we use depth for search, so hopefully we'll be able to find an answer quicker
than breath for a search.
What about the next one?
Determining whether a path exists between two notes?
That is what deaf first search is built for or about finding the shortest path that is for breadth first
search.
Now keep this document in mind and revisit it as we learn more and more about these two algorithms,
because things are going to start making sense more and more.
But this is a good sheet to keep in mind before you go to an interview, in case you get asked these
questions.
Enough talking for now, I think it's time for us to start coding these algorithms.
I'll see you in the next one.
Bye bye.